Ref #15: Add API accessible description key to HF templates (#18)
Imageomics/Collaborative-distributed-science-guide: docs/wiki-guide/HF_DatasetCard_Template_ABC.md

- animals
- CV
size_categories: # ex: n<1K, 1K<n<10K, 10K<n<100K, 100K<n<1M, ...

> description: # Add a short description (summary) of your dataset, this will render in searches

Author: ```suggestion
description: # Add a short description (summary) of your dataset, this will render as part of the CardData object through the API
```
